- 1 -
- 2 -
ⅠSemester Schedule1)
Semester
Period
Spring
(400 class hours)
First Half (200 class hours)
2026. 3. 3. ~ 2026. 5. 13.
Second Half (200 class hours)
2026. 5. 19. ~ 2026. 7. 29.
Fall
(400 class hours)
First Half (200 class hours)
2026. 8. 31. ~ 2026. 11. 12.
Second Half (200 class hours)
2026. 11. 17. ~ 2027. 1. 27.
  * The schedule above is subject to change, and any changes will be directly informed to the students.
 *Exceptional Countries: Those who are not members of OECD2)² and China (Taiwan and 
Hongkong Included)
※ Students with a residence visa in Korea can enter the course by paying tuition fees 
through the Admissions Committee before the beginning of the semeste
1) 1 Class hour: 50 minutes of lecture + 10 minutes of break; the lecture consists of 4 credit hours per 
day (09:00 ~ 12:50).
2) OECD member countries (38 countries): Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, 
Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, 
United Kingdom, United States, Japan, Finland, Australia, New Zealand, Mexico, Czech Republic, 
Hungary, Poland, South Korea, Slovakia, Chile, Slovenia, Estonia, Israel, Latvia, Lithuania, Colombia, 
Costa Rica.
3) 21 countries designated by the Minister of Justice: Ghana, Nigeria, Nepal, Myanmar, Bangladesh, 
Vietnam, Mongolia, Sri Lanka, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Iran, Egypt, India, Indonesia, China, Kazakhstan, 
Kyrgyzstan, Thailand, Pakistan, Peru, 
4) 5 countries under priority management: Guinea, Mali, Ethiopia, Uganda, Cameroon.
Phase
Spring Semester 2025
Fall Semester 2025
Application Period 
2025. 12. 1. ~ 12. 31.
2026. 6. 1. ~ 7. 20.
Exceptional Countries*
2025. 10. 13. ~ 11. 28.
2026. 5. 4. ~ 6. 19.
Tuition Fee Payment
Individual Notice Given to Accepted Students
Issuance of the Certificate 
of Admission
After Tuition Fee Payment
Beginning of the Semester
2026. 3. 3.. 
(Level Test: 2026.2.27.)
2026. 8. 31.
(Level Test: 2026.8.28.) 
Ⅱ
Admission Schedule
- 3 -
ⅢQualification to Apply
ⅣRequired Documents
◦ Language Training (D4-1) Visa Application(Updated)
Visa Type
Qualification to Apply
D4 visa
(Language Trainee Visa)
• High School Graduate or Higher
  ※ But, if people are from 21 countries³⁾ designated by the ministry of Justice or 5 
countries⁴⁾ that are under close scrutiny and their final degree is a High School 
Diploma, their graduation must be within 2 years.(Except for the people who have 
the TOPIK certificate)
• If necessary, the university will follow the rules dictated by the 
“Operation of Korean Language Course at Jeju National University”.
Other Visas (Verified to Stay for 
more than 6 months in Korea )
• Follows the guidelines of the “Operation of Korean language 
course at Jeju National University”.
No.
Document
Content
1
Application Form
• Fill out the attached form after download.
• Self Introduction, Study Plan, and Financial Confirmation should be filled out.
2
Passport Copy
• Expired date of the passport must be after the beginning day of the 
semester.
• Chinese nationals must submit a copy of citizenship.
• Students from Uzbekistan must submit the new passport which can be used 
for the departure abroad 
• Students who are already in Korea must submit a copy of their ARC (Alien 
Registration Card)
3. 
Certificate of the Final 
Degree
① Certificate of (or 
Expected) Graduation
② Transcripts
• Submit the certificate of the highest educational qualification (High school 
graduates or higher).
(You can choose one option among the two below) 
1)Original APOSTILLE Certificate of Final Degree (not original diploma, but 
the copy of your diploma that received original apostille).
2)Original Certificate of Graduation confirmed by a Korean Consul in the 
country your high school is located or by a Consul in Korea ("not original 
diploma", but the "Copy of your diploma" that received original confirmation 
by Korean Consul).
• People who received their diploma in China have to submit their Certificate 
of Diploma published by the Chinese Ministry of Education or documents 
confirmed by a consul. 
   - University: http://www.chsi.com.cn ; http://www.cdgdc.edu.cn/
   - High Shcool: http://www.chsi.com.cn
   - Submit a COPY of the original diploma (Originals not accepted due to 
the likelihood of it getting lost) 
4
Financial Support 
Documents *
(Under Applicant or its 
parents’ name) Bank 
Statement
(Over 8 million won)
• If the Bank Statement is under parents’ name, family relationship certificate 
must be submitted.
• These documents must be issued within one month, and over 8 million won 
must have been deposited for over 3 months.
  ※ However, in the cases of Vietnamese or Uzbek applicants, the applicants 
must open a bank account with an officially recognized bank that has both 
domestic (Korean) and international branches (including smaller branches) 
and that bank account must be an account that has a system of payment 
reservation. They must submit the bank balance statement to prove their 
financial capability during their study period when applying for their study 
visas. (Only bank balance statements which clearly indicate the conditional 
- 4 -
*In the case of Financial Support Documents, if a coordinator in charge of specific nations make 
requests for other documents(parents’ employment and income) apart from the bank statement, they 
are regarded as required documents.
* All submitted documents will not be returned.
◦ Korean Visa Holders
No
Required Document
Contents
1
Application Form
(Attached form 1)
•Self-Introduction, Study plan and Financial confirmation 
must be filled out.
2
Certificate of the Final 
Degree
• Certificate of Graduation or Diploma of Graduation must be 
submitted
3
Proof of Nationality
• A copy of passport or ARC (Alien Registration Card) must 
be submitted.
4
Proof of Insurance
• National health insurance certificate or insurance policy 
must be submitted.
5
ID Photo(2)
• 2 ID photos that have been taken within 3 months before 
the application date
◦ Proof of the Final Degree
suspension of payment period will be accepted)
     * 4 million won can be withdrawn in installments every six months, indicating that the payment 
has been suspended for a total of one year.
5
ID Photo(2 photos)
• 2 ID photos that have been taken within 3 months before the application 
date (Size 3.5×4.5㎝)
6
Others
(Only those concerned 
submit)
• Currently employed: Employment records, Reasons for studying abroad.
• Break Periods: If applicants have more than a year’s break from school 
after graduation, relevant documents that explain about that break period 
should be submitted.
• If applicants have experience studying in Korea, relevant certificates must 
be submitted.
• Those who have TOPIK, the scores certificate must be submitted.
- APOSTILLE
- Examples for Nations without Apostille
- 5 -
◦ APOSTILLE Signatories Status
Region
Nation
Asia, Oceania
Australia, Some parts of China (Macau, Hong Kong), Japan, South Korea, New 
Zealand, Brunei Darussalam, Mongolia, Cook Islands, Fiji, India, Marshall Islands, 
Mauritius, Vanuatu, Samoa, Tonga, Niue, Tajikistan, Palau, Philippines
Europe, North 
America
Albania, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, 
Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Malta, Greece, 
Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, Montenegro, 
Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Russian Federation, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Kyrgyzstan, North Macedonia, Ukraine, 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Andorra, Armenia, Azerbaijan, 
Republic of Moldova, Liechtenstein, San Marino, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kosovo, 
United States of America
Latin America 
and the 
Caribbean
Argentina, Mexico, Panama, Republic of Suriname, Venezuela, Antigua and 
Barbuda, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Colombia, Commonwealth of Dominica, 
Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Grenada, Honduras, Saint Vincent and 
the Grenadines, Peru, Trinidad and Tobago, Saint Lucia, Saint Kitts and Nevis, 
Costa Rica, Uruguay, Nicaragua, Paraguay, Brazil, Chile, Guatemala, Bolivia, 
Guyana
Africa
South Africa, Botswana, Burundi, Lesotho, Liberia, Namibia, Sao Tome and Principe, 
Kingdom of Eswatini, Malawi, Cape Verde, Seychelles
Middle East
Oman, Israel, Bahrain, Morocco, Tunisia
(As of 2020.06.23.)
Confirmation by The republic of Korea Embassy
- 6 -
Ⅴ
Korean Language Course Fees
 
Application 
Fee
Tuition Fee
(400 class 
hours*)
Dormitory 
Fee (4 
months)
Insurance 
Fee
(6 months)
Total
Regular
(400 hours)
50,000
won
2,400,000 
won
950,000원
(4 months)
150,000
won
3,550,000 
won
Notes
Not 
Refundable
-
Only applied for 
those who registered 
for the dormitory
Korean visa holders 
can substitute this 
requirement with the 
national health 
insurance certificate
Bank 
Account
* Bank: 농협은행(NongHyup Bank) 
* Account No: 301-0278-3804-31
* Remittee: 제주대학교(JEJUNU NATIONAL UNIVERSITY) 
* SWIFTCODE: NACFKRSEXXX
※ If the dormitory fee is paid in advance at the beginning of the semester (Before entering Korea) and if 
admission is cancelled (no visa issuance etc.), the dormitory fee will not be refunded.
※ All international students are subject to automatic enrollment in the National Health Insurance after 6 months 
from the date of entry.
ⅥApplication Procedure
v All Admission Inquiries: Office of International Affairs, Jeju National 
University
▪Tel: +82-64-754-2199(Chinese), +82-64-754-8246(Other Languages)
▪FAX: +82-64-754-0563
▪E-mail: intl6@jejunu.ac.kr
▪Address: 63243 3F Ara Muse Hall, Jeju National University, Jejudaehak-ro, Jeju-si, Jeju 
Self-governing Special Province
v The admission schedule and operation schedule may be changed depending 
on the university situation
  ※ The Admission Guidelines are translated into specific languages (English, Chinese, Vietnamese etc.) 
for a more convenient utilization.
Applicant
University
University
Submission of 
Documents
Review of Documents 
(An interview might 
be conducted if 
necessary)
Announcement of 
Successful Applicants 
and Issuance of 
Payment Notices
Applicant
University
Applicant
Visa Application 
(Entry into Korea)
Issuing of the 
Certificate of 
Admission
Tuition Fee Payment
